Wk8/README.md, before:

# CS 11 SI Week 7/8: Vectors & Functions

## What we will do:
Create a simple program that uses vectors and provides different operations for them.

## Instructions:
Download this repository by clicking the green code button, and then download as a zip. Extract this zip folder on to your desktop and open it is VSC.

Complete the code by writing the functions based on their given function definitions.

## Initial Questions:
* What are the lines of code above our main function called? What is their purpose?
* Would our program sitll work without them?
* What is each function returning?

## Steps
1. Complete each function by implementing their definition.

Sample Output:
```
Enter a vector size: 5
Enter 5 integers, separated by a space:
4 6 9 1 2

Original Vector: 4 6 9 1 2 
Reversed: 2 1 9 6 4 
Sum of elements: 22
```

## Review Quetions:
* Why do we have the reverse function return a new vector instead of just printing the original bakwards?
* Are there alternative ways to perform sum and reverse?

Commit message:

Removed code that filled vector. Updated README

Wk8/README.md, after:

# CS 11 SI Week 7/8: Vectors & Functions

## What we will do:
Create a simple program that uses vectors and provides different operations for them.

## Instructions:
Download this repository by clicking the green code button, and then download as a zip. Extract this zip folder on to your desktop and open it is VSC.

Complete the code by writing the functions based on their given function definitions.

## Initial Questions:
* What are the lines of code above our main function called? What is their purpose?
* Would our program sitll work without them?
* What is each function returning?

## Steps
1. Ask the user for a vector size, and populate a vector based on their input.
2. Complete each function by implementing their definition.

Sample Output:
```
Enter a vector size: 5
Enter 5 integers, separated by a space:
4 6 9 1 2

Original Vector: 4 6 9 1 2 
Reversed: 2 1 9 6 4 
Sum of elements: 22
```

## Review Quetions:
* Why do we have the reverse function return a new vector instead of just printing the original bakwards?
* Are there alternative ways to perform sum and reverse?
